Update Meeting 123.md (#398)
ethereum/pm: All Core Devs Meetings/Meeting 123.md

# All Core Devs Meeting 123
### Meeting Date/Time: October 1, 2021, 14:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 60 minutes
### [Github Agenda](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/issues/391)
### [Video of the meeting](https://youtu.be/-8TSQCwITA0)
### Moderator: Tim Beiko
### Notes: Alen (Santhosh)

## Decisions Made / Action items
| Decision Item | Description | Video ref |
| ------------- | ----------- | --------- |
|123.1 | To provide clarity to people would be to create, an upgrade, for December and name it, as Yanxi had proposed Aero glacier as a name | [16.00](https://youtu.be/-8TSQCwITA0?t=991)|

> 

Reviewer: |123.2 | Move EIP-3436 to `Last Call` | [25:30](https://youtu.be/-8TSQCwITA0?t=1530)|

> 

Reviewer: |123.3 | Move EIP-2976 to `Final` on Oct 06 | [36:10](https://youtu.be/-8TSQCwITA0?t=2170) |

**Tim Beiko** 
* Yeah, that seems reasonable. So, okay. Let's move this to last call and, yeah. Keep track of the different clients who implement it and we'll move it to the final once. basically the, the four clients here have had implemented. 

**Pooja | ECH**
* So I would like to mention one thing he had when the proposal was originally proposed, it was under the networking type, now it has been moved from networking to core because it was believed that it's going to bring some of the consensus changes for, clique part. I'm wondering if that would be following the usual core EIP process for getting maybe a part of the upcoming upgrade. 

**Tim Beiko** 
* Well, because it's a clique it's not going to be. 

**Pooja | ECH**
* Yeah, on the mainnet. 

**Danno Ferrin**
* And it's a very compatible, it's not a hard fork. It'd be more equivalent to a soft fork because you can come onto a network and not have this implemented. And for the most part still participate. So it's, you're not going to be too surprised. You might take a while for you to figure out what the real light chain is, but eventually you'll figure it out. 

**Pooja | ECH**
* Sounds good. 

**Tim Beiko** 

> * Okay. yeah, there's a question about, like, not sure if this should be a core EIP, Daniel, do you know off the top of your head, if the clique EIP itself is Core EIP? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Okay. yeah, there's a question about, like, not sure if this should be a core EIP, Danno, do you know off the top of your head if the clique EIP itself is Core EIP? 
```

> **Daniel**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Danno**
```

> * I know. I don't want to look it up. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* No. I don't, let me look it up. 
```

**Tim Beiko** 

> * Okay. but I guess regardless of the actual stat, category, I think it makes sense to move it to fi to last call now. and then move it. The final ones clients have implemented it. Does anyone object to that? Okay. Yeah. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Okay. but I guess regardless of the actual stat, category, I think it makes sense to move it to the last call now. and then move it to the final when clients have implemented it. Does anyone object to that? Okay. Yeah. 
```

**Danno Ferrin**
* Yeah. 225 is the click EIP and that is core. 

**Tim Beiko** 
* We can discuss this offline if people feel very strongly about it, but it seems like intuitively the extension, the clique should also be core if the actual clique EIP is core. but I'm not willing to die on that hell. And if people are that we should just discuss this on the discord. 

**Pooja | ECH**

> * I just to get some more context, it was discussed in the last EIP meeting. So maybe that recording of that might help. we were discussing about networking proposals with Felix, Micah, and then generally it was decided that it should not be a part of networking EIP and should be moved to core EIP. So this is a recent change and we can follow the discussion there. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Just to provide some more context, it was discussed in the last EIPIP meeting. So maybe that recording of that might help. we were discussing networking proposals with Felix, Micah, and then generally it was decided that it should not be a part of networking EIP and should be moved to core EIP. So this is a recent change and we can follow the discussion there. 
```

## EIP 2976 updates [29.08](https://youtu.be/-8TSQCwITA0?t=1738)

**Tim Beiko** 

> * Okay. thank you, Daniel. We have another one. Micah is not on the call and I think this was his, but it was around the EIP 2976, the type transactions over gossip. I dunno if anyone else had context here, otherwise we can, we can talk about it another time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Okay. thank you, Danno. We have another one. Micah is not on the call and I think this was his, but it was around the EIP 2976, the type transactions over gossip. I dunno if anyone else had context here, otherwise we can, we can talk about it another time. 
```

**Pooja | ECH**

> * Yeah. that is another networking proposal because in the last meeting we were discussing about cleanup, so this was a moved to last call and the last point period is ending on October 6. So if people have any questions, common concern, this is the time before it gets moved to the final status. We just wanted to let everyone know about it. This is networking proposal is going to be final soon. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Yeah. that is another networking proposal because in the last meeting we were discussing about cleanup, so this was a moved to last call and the last call period is ending on October 6. So if people have any questions, common concerns, this is the time before it gets moved to the final status. We just wanted to let everyone know about it. This is networking proposal is going to be final soon. 
```

**Tim Beiko** 
* Sorry, I couldn't find the unmute button, and declines feel like that's something they can do in the next week, just because, the last call period is supposed to end on October 6th. Is it fine if we, yeah, just, just because we we've, haven't discussed this the past two or three calls, I think when it's been with the agenda, other people want more time to just look at this or is it trivial to do, 

**Martin Holst Swende**
* I think it should be sufficient, given them, this, this already the fact that, 

**Tim Beiko** 
* Okay, cool. So, yeah, let's, let's, move it to final, on October 6th, assuming nobody in the meantime has comments about it. Great. And then the last thing we had on the agenda is EIP 3607. basically this was the one, rejecting transactions from senders, which already have deployed code associated with the address. it's already been merged in, in Geth. and Andrew was asking if we can move this the final so that, we can also add it to the yellow paper and make it part of the foremost specification. 
 
**Tomasz Stanczak**
* Yeah, I believe it's also implemented in other minds already. 

**Tim Beiko** 

> * Great. how about Besu, Aragon? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Great. how about Besu, Erigon? 
```

**Andrew Ashikhmin**

> * In that Aragon, it's not yet implemented, but we can implement it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In that Erigon, it's not yet implemented, but we can implement it. 
```

* I'm unfamiliar with this one. I'd have to get back to you. 

**Tim Beiko** 
* Okay. so it, yeah, it should be a small change. and, I have Micah in the chat saying we should move it to review. So this is, this is kind of good timing. So I think we can definitely move it to review like now. So after the call today, if, Marius or yeah, Marius should the only one on the call. So I'm going to pick on you, if you want to move it to review, then, basically we can move it to last call, on, on the next call. once everybody's implemented it, they'll go to final. So I speak in like the next couple of weeks, we can, we can get it to final. and also for the yellow paper, I feel like once it's in last call, maybe you can just open a PR against the yellow paper and we can just merge it once it's in final. Does that make sense center? 

**Andrew Ashikhmin**
* There is, already a PR, so yeah, but yeah, I had it to match it when it is in, last call. 

 **Tim Beiko**
* So I'll, I'll, I'll just add that to the agenda also on the next call. So we, we remember to, to follow up on it and that's everything we have on today's agenda. was there anything else anyone wanted to bring up? 

 **Pooja | ECH**

> * Yeah. I just wanted to mention about one of the, actually two of the proposals that we discussed in the previous call that I, I suppose, that was, that, networking proposals. the  is, 2364 and 2464. these were in draft now has been moved to a stagnant by the EIP partner. Now, actually we are working towards cleanup of the repositories and a lot of proposals, which were not active for over six months period of time. They have been moved to stab in status by the bot. So I just wanted to let, all the EIP authors know that if your proposal has been moved to stagnant and you still want to pursue that, you might have to create a poll request again, but for these two particular proposals, we need to get this to move, to review status so we can move it forward. And I know this is not active right now, but that is required for proposal 2481, which is like Eth 66 and we can not make it, final it unless we move the proposals, which needs to be final before that. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Yeah. I just wanted to mention about one of the, actually two of the proposals that were discussed in the previous call, I suppose, that were networking proposals. EIP-2364 and 2464. these were in draft, now have been moved to a stagnant by the EIP bot. Actually we are working towards cleanup of the repositories and a lot of proposals, which were not active for over six months period of time. They have been moved to `Stagnant` status by the bot. So I just wanted to let, all the EIP authors know that if your proposal has been moved to stagnant and you still want to pursue that, you might have to create a pull request again. But for these two particular proposals, we need to get this to move, to review status so we can move it forward. And I know this is not active right now, but that is required for proposal 2481, which is like Eth 66 and we can not make it, final unless we move the other two proposals, which needs to be final before that. 
```

> * So, if, if I met, it was the author, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* So, if I may ask the author, to create respective pull requests?
```
